I want to develop and AI application that can review Amazon MSK cluster and kafka client applications that are are interacting with them like producers and consumers. We can call this as MSK operations review. For Amazon MSK cluster we can assume we are reviewing only Amazon MSK standard brokers only and don't worry about express brokers or MSK serverless. I am confused to develop an agent from scratch or use Kiro and develop what ever I wanted as MCP server or just write a workflow that can be used as agent skill because there are already some tools available in existing MCP servers which can help to review the cluster.   If I manually review the cluster this is how I typically do it. First I will look into number of brokers the cluster has and total number of partitions cluster has and ensure number of partitions per broker ae with in the limits posted in AWS MSK best practice documentation. Next I will look into cluster level config and idetify if Cx is using any wrong custom configurations. Then I will try to look at every topic and ensure if they are follwing best practices like topic replication factor is 3 and min insyc replcia is set to 2. If not I will note then down to inform customer. Next I will look into metrics for underreplicated partitions and see if the value is going above 0 for any reason.  I will also look at another metrics called UnderMinIsrPartitionCount and report them. Also if value for that metric is above 1 I will try to find what are those partitions and topics of them and find root cause for them. Next I will look into Compute part of the cluster ensure CPUSystem+ CPUUser is never going above 60%. Look if there are too many TCPConnection on broker that might be impacting the CPU. I will also look into thread level metrics like RequestHandler and NetworkHandler threads and ensure they are not too busy. I will look that customer has not set the segment.ms too low. I will move towards the network section and look what broker node type they are using and get he baseline bandwith for the instance type look at the combination metric of BytesIn+BytesOut+ReplicationBytesIn+ReplicationBytesout and ensure that that sum is not consistely hitting above the baseline bandwith. Occasionnaly is ok as some instance with shared bandwith can spike in credit mechanism. I will also look if there is any traffic shaping and report. then I will look if workload across the cluster is well balanced or nor to ensure the CPU, Network, Partitions, Leaders are equally distributed across all the broker nodes so that single boker is not too much loaded compared to other. If that is the case I will find which brokers are under and over utilized and suggest cruise control or manuall rebalnce and also provide rebalnce script for the same. I will also look at the storage metics ensure the storage utilization is below 60% on broker volume and ensure they have autoscaling enabled on the storage. I will look at volume throughput metrics and essure Cx read and write throghput is not beeing at throttle level. Typically volumes come with 250MBps of throughput and I ensure total is 60% of it as there needs some reserver capacity becuase during cluster maintenance there will be rolling restarrt of broker and cluster need to run will less capacity same applis not for storage even for compute and network utilization also. With all of these I will generate report and make a detailes report with observatiosn and recommendation. This used manul process and I want to completely automate it. I was not doing client applications review like ensuring producer and consumers are follwoing best pratices but now I want do that also. Don't just assume that you need to help me with only the checks I do you can comeup with more comprehensive ideas other than what I mentoned above with our expertise on kafka

Below are few links I typically refer 
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/msk/latest/developerguide/metrics-details.html
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/msk/latest/developerguide/bestpractices.html
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/msk/latest/developerguide/bestpractices-kafka-client.html

There is already below MCP servers available and I want to reuse them as much as possibel 
https://github.com/awslabs/mcp/tree/main/src/cloudwatch-mcp-server
https://github.com/awslabs/mcp/tree/main/src/aws-msk-mcp-server
I want this to work with both Kiro as agent also want to build a custom agent. So give me ideas both ways.

In the report I manualy prepare I used to take screenshot of metics and paste them. Now in automation I want to display them more neatly by pulling metrc data and display them if possible. Think throigh all of this and give me some best ideas


Below are some links i typically refer
